hi I'm Holly food editor at my recipes
calm dinner tonight we'll show you how
to make a healthy and delicious supper
in less than 45 minutes
hi I'm Holly Granger food editor at my
recipes calm dinner tonight is cooking
light's Dijon croque monsieur this
simple recipe takes the basic ham and
cheese sandwich up to the next level so
let's start combine mayonnaise and Dijon
mustard the Dijon mustard gives the
sandwich a spicy kick
then add the spread to the bread to
assemble the sandwiches top four pieces
of bread with ham and then add Gruyere
cheese this is a nutty cheese so it adds
a lot of flavor to the sandwich and then
sprinkle each sandwich with pepper and
then just top with the bread to make the
batter for the sandwiches combine egg
substitute or just a beaten egg with
milk and then dredge each sandwich in
the egg wash it's kind of like making
french toast then add it to the hot
skillet and depending on the size of
your skillet you may need to cook these
in batches or if you have a griddle that
works really well to let these cook for
about three minutes on each side or
until they're golden brown and the
cheese has melted
this sandwich is just perfect and I love
how well gray our cheese melts I like to
serve it as a brunch entree or a parent
with something like hair covers green
beans and a glass of wine for a fancier
dinner I hope you enjoy the simple meal
for your dinner tonight